hello people are going to make a
Here I go, I'll tell you something.
how do you reconfigure the
your receiver
We have received
There are several questions on the page where we
we make available frequencies and
parameters and configure your
receiver and people have no doubts
that the pope then Joseph does not make the
simple video last place I have here
a telesystem receiver looks
this common receiver and you have there and we
let's reconfigure this receiver
the next question is passing here ah
ah ah ah motion was here is
but it's the same as you have in
Your house, you see here. This is the
remote control on your receiver
You will hit the menu key it goes
enter this screen and you can even
proving the ball to her who will do
You go in setup here had to
start you give ok you gave here you
opened on this screen where it has
my antenna and tv manager
it is precisely in this TV manager that
you will find the parameters to be
operated
You from here the selection ok I'll tighten the
ok from my remote
He went on the page you see here.
O you have entered the settings will
press ok once again here selection
I pressed ok and entered this here is the
old frequency 3676 5.900 polarization
Horizontal popularity is what we
we will modify and here below we have the -
where you will do the reconfiguration of the
that we have stated - move the little set
up and down control
turn 7 to the sides and dictate
setinha ok exit had menu add
delete to pay everything start then we
Let's re-edit this frequency. I press
Okay, he already opened here. I'll put the
new frequency here 02 typing on my
remote control 09 14 18 7
I will now tighten the O button on the side to
to be able to go to another field
down or to another field and is the symbol
milk
You'll put it here for control.
remote 11 thousand and 500
11,500 now I'll hit the line key
down here from the remote control
it goes to polarity this
polarity is vertical is only you click
here on the vertical side and now
I'm okay and I'll signal the signal already starts to
appear here I can even start the
here and the blue button on the remote control
each key here this the best each
The design of this monitor represents a
start your remote control
blue button
the grip here he goes there program everyone
or just open minded
It started there.
look for will appear soon appeared
Here O new time and a new era
and he has already saved
I will not show start again instead
to be all me because only open from the
ok it will appear at the same time again
time executive radio new time and radio
nuevo tiempo pronto is already configured
The signal is already arriving here and
so watch this question a lot
of polarity
the old frequency was in polarity
horizontal the current frequency is in
vertical polarity
if you happen to put these
parameters here and you were not able to
sign you could not get here
appear the channels here is has proven
that your antenna point is not
automatic
so what are you going to have to do?
a better technique technician you do this
actually calling the technician
and then if you set the parameters and not
it has come to the very likely end that your
good that points out of your pen
you'll have to turn it 90 degrees to
arrive at radical formality
this is the problem now most of the
Kids already have it already does this
automatically
It's good, there's only a few.
details in practice for you is
receiver reconfiguration
if you want some more information
go to the rio site tiempo.com bar
engineering are born with 11 receivers
ancient you have
stopping there has a mailing list
because you can take something
absurd good good sheik to do is
like this
It's easier for you this is called.
the time
that easy
here we guarantee - already pointed out
coordinates have a good championship, that's it
a hug